[Music]
welcome back to another video I hope you
are having a lovely day and I've had a
good week and everything I'm back with
one of my all-time favorite videos to
film is away in a day as I've recently
it only gets a bit warmer I've been at
fancying a more like summery dishes so
I've got loads of new recipes to show
you I've been trying loads out over the
past few days and I always like to sort
of like matter to them before I share
them and all that but I'm gonna make
some breakfast and I'm gonna go like a
smoothie protein roll this is just the
best on like a hot day like today I'm
gonna make a smooth smoothie Bowl it's
pretty minimal ingredients as well and
if you watch my last video I got some
new at my protein flavors food testing
that was wrong with a few days not much
look there's literally only one flavor
that I would really recommend both for
this first woman this is what you're
going to need it is really minimal
ingredients the frozen blueberries some
cashew nut birth to this Wow
it is absolutely unreal like I only got
this last week and I've been obsessed
really really good I'm one whole banana
the riper the better I always find a man
some almond milk and some cookies and
cream whey protein sure everything into
a blender you probably already know that
is
go to think anything that is just so
quick easy and rightly 400 grams of
banana 70 grams of blueberries you could
use like mix berries as well
one heaped teaspoon or shoe this is just
like the creamiest most glorious
glorious amazing food cluster 20 grams
of cashew in just 20 grams of protein
and 60 grams of almond milk it's a
desiccated coconut and some almond
flakes just a little sprinkling of this
protein granola in a honey and almond
flavor different smoothie Bowl you can
also make it like more of a thicker
consistency using a frozen banana but I
just didn't have any left in yeah just
mix up your toppings or whatever you
fancy it like more fruit
so yeah I'll just pop the calories and
that crows on the screen also just any
nerves eat things with a teaspoon not
all my breakfast like oath stuff like
this always has to be a teaspoon all its
variants and so inside here filming I
always find I crave more like written
things on nicer water days like at the
moment
the training like today and we've got
this new favorite cherry tree workout
[Music]
live in a place it's just stealing my
car parking swirl we're going to
supermarket which feels like a day out
so the only thing that has felt a bit
strange is like getting back to like
normal driving when there's been more
traffic about like it was a thief I just
kind of forgotten how to drive I hope
you can hear me over he's really loud
and punishing I just feel like coming in
that I can't turn it off but yeah this
week after speeding and working me hard
my projects and stuff trying to like
stick to focusing on one thing at a time
like don't about anyone else that you
ever find that you'd only try focus on
so many things at once and just ever get
nothing done but I've got the quite a
few runs this week two runs along the
canal which has been lovely like it's
machinae sunshine in the morning before
it gets too hot
pitch it out quiet yet tonight the shops
and stood traffic Center for example in
Manchester I'm not braved it to go there
I feel like I'll just wait click calls
dance I haven't called down calms down
she mentioned but it's my birthday on
the 14th of July it feels like two
minutes ago that turned to 21 and mate
and I'm planning a birthday party not a
match or birthday so I've just been like
planning all of that which is so
exciting pop in the shops and get some
bits were so low and stuff parking I've
always got to turn off all the music and
sometimes put down I hope or windows and
this little monkey in the window she's
queen of this house oh this is literally
means the past two days I got this fact
from our boss same day delivery - isn't
it like we've known about the weather in
the UK or you're out
then it gets like above 10 degrees and
everyone's like I didn't start getting
really bad last week so I've been making
a massive effort to drink as many of
these a day just picked up a few bits
but I just completely ran out of I've
got some carrots some of these stock pot
keys some hold me up pictures I go
through so many of these some of this
hot chilli sauce this Brown is so good
some pickled red cabbage some bananas
and some mini breast fillets some beef
steak and then just some to see there
I'm gonna make like a pokeball and this
is like such as for a go-to I'm gonna
have it with some cooked salmon I
couldn't get any like fresh salmon to
take in two salmon filets and then I'm
gonna put a bit of seasoning or a bit of
garlic and some hot paprika pop that in
the oven for at 15 mins go the pokeball
I'm gonna have some of this red cabbage
it's gonna chop up some of these that
like seaweed sushi things just like one
sheet of those you have to wear it's a
necessity to the top in and some grated
carrot and some avocado now I'm gonna
roll up one sheet of seaweed I've just
put some rice in my boat I've measured
out 125 grams of white rice and a little
bit of vinegar to make it sticky and
season it with some salt and that's
which year you can add sugar as well I
prefer not to
here and just pop that into a bowl and
then I'm actually going to add some
seasoning afterwards from soy sauce this
is actually like a coconut aminos one so
it's not like an alternative to solve
solve it tastes the same I'm going to
use quite a lot four grams some of this
spirit chili sauce and then just a
little bit of light mayonnaise and a bit
Petters word i red cabbage
wrinkle in our sesame seeds here's a
finished pokeball I'm so impressive that
it looks quite art secretly and it
smells so good you can just like
mix-and-match with all your little
toppings and just add your favorite bits
in it my everyone I've made a quick one
for Mason as well why not
what's up guys hope you all well welcome
to today's video today I don't prepare a
Pokeball and we will Wheaton ice is
potable I've ever had like that's lovely
so I disappointed me finish food like
that bacon basically like everyday I
think my ages and I've been trying to
master like a protein cookie but not in
like the like the bread kind of like
wait sometimes comes out so I'm gonna
try a recipe and just replace something
with dates which I have never actually
baked with before I really want it to be
like a chocolate like a Domino's I've
ever had
Domino's chocolate-chip cookie you've
been so good than like these little
gooey things this is what you're going
to need some almond milk some salt some
peanut butter or any nut butter you
prefer some cookies and cream way again
you could use any protein you've got in
and someday some baking powder some dark
chocolate some chia seeds and oats to
make like an Otis Otis flour I'm going
to blend up some chia seeds to start
with and then just add like five
teaspoons of boiled water to make like a
Chia egg and 10 grams of chia seeds the
unded chia seeds then you just want to
add five tablespoons of hot water so
just pop the chia egg to one side and
then I'm going to combine the oats and
the dates and the bottom of the blender
to ground up today 70 vanilla flavor
dropped a little bit so a teaspoon of
[Music]
I'm just gonna add a
just put the like remaining of the
chocolate on the top and then I'm gonna
pop them in the oven they just grow and
leave them for 10 minutes but really
keep an eye on them like much with a
bird my cookies and it's heartbreaking
thing so that is them out of the oven so
here they are they're not like gooey but
still really really nice whoo it is
about mouthful these would be so nice
with some ice cream went out for a walk
and just go back I'm just gonna make
some dinner and I'm going to have like
chicken lemon and mint you reach higher
now so I'm gonna do this quickly give me
some chicken breast fill it's so homey
pitabread
some yogurt some mint leaves and lemon
ginger and some wooden skewers 150 grams
of yogurt
I'm just gonna grate about two
centimeters of ginger and then just add
the ginger and lemon zest in Kim brass
pieces in and then I'm just going to
leave these for half an hour in the
fridge to stoke I'm just gonna grill
these in my oven throughout 15 or 20
minutes or so I'm just going to turn
these over finish chicken skewers I just
put a little bit of yogurt i toasted my
pita bread and then some cabbage and a
little bit of chilli sauce on top I
think if you wanted it more like crispy
then it'd be worth spraying some like
olive oil Awesome's it on the actual
chicken it's our desert dwelling
creatures to the end of this video how
do you share rats fall asleep in exactly
I was so tired I don't know why I really
hope you enjoyed this world and I hope
you've got some a useful helpful little
nutrition tips and things like that do
let me know if what videos you would
like to see I'm really open-minded to
any new suggestions that you've got or
anything that would be helpful just let
me know in the comments down below if
you haven't already I would love you to
stick around and subscribe and I will
see you guys in the next video